What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When we initialize a repository a .git document containing metadata about the newly creater repository is created.
If we dont initialize a repository, we cant save and use different versions of our project.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Repository contains various files along with metadata about them.A repository contains a working directory, 
index and head. The working directory contains all the source files. Staging area contains those files which we are 
tracking, i.e. those files for which we are interested to store multiple versions. Staging area gives us the flexibility 
of deciding which files need to be tracked.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
Even if i have modified several unrelated files in one go without committing, i can place only logically related ones 
int the staging area at a time and commit. This way i will have one commit per logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
When you want to experiment with a new idea, which you are not sure of, or make some changes to cater to a different 
audience without loosing the latest committed version of the game, you can create a branch. Branches allow us to have 
multiple forms of the same program. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Instead of carefully studying the common commits as well as the time of the various commits, diagramatic representation 
allows us to see which branch was made when, and what work has been done on it thereafter. If certain commits are not
reachable by any branch, and are themselves not a part of any branch, they will be lost unless there commit id is recorded
somewhere, and even then some analyses will be required to understand who its parent is. If instead such particular 
commits are present in the diagram, all this becomes very simple.